README.md, before:

This repository maintains versions of the following
ISO JTC1/SC22/WG21 papers:

WG21 Number     | Title | Link
--------------- | ----- | ----
P0482R0         | char8_t: A type for UTF-8 characters and strings | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/p0482r0.html)
P0482R1         | char8_t: A type for UTF-8 characters and strings (Revision 1) | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/p0482r1.html)
P0696R0         | Remove abbreviated functions and template-introduction syntax from the Concepts TS | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/p0696r0.html)
P0696R1         | Remove abbreviated functions and template-introduction syntax from the Concepts TS (Revision 1) | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/p0696r1.html)
P0725R0         | Remove the requirement for constrained-type-specifiers to be deduced to the same type from the Concepts TS | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/p0725r0.html)
P0804R0         | Impact of the modules TS on the C++ tools ecosystem | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/p0804r0.html)

Drafts In Progress | Title | Link
------------------ | ----- | ----
D0482R2         | char8_t: A type for UTF-8 characters and strings (Revision 2) | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/d0482r2.html)

Commit message:

Added the final N2231 (char8_t for C) paper.

README.md, after:

This repository maintains versions of the following
ISO JTC1/SC22 WG21 and WG14 papers:

# WG21 Papers (C++)

WG21 Number     | Title | Link
--------------- | ----- | ----
P0482R0         | char8_t: A type for UTF-8 characters and strings | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/p0482r0.html)
P0482R1         | char8_t: A type for UTF-8 characters and strings (Revision 1) | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/p0482r1.html)
P0696R0         | Remove abbreviated functions and template-introduction syntax from the Concepts TS | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/p0696r0.html)
P0696R1         | Remove abbreviated functions and template-introduction syntax from the Concepts TS (Revision 1) | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/p0696r1.html)
P0725R0         | Remove the requirement for constrained-type-specifiers to be deduced to the same type from the Concepts TS | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/p0725r0.html)
P0804R0         | Impact of the modules TS on the C++ tools ecosystem | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/p0804r0.html)

Drafts In Progress | Title | Link
------------------ | ----- | ----
D0482R2         | char8_t: A type for UTF-8 characters and strings (Revision 2) | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/d0482r2.html)

# WG14 Papers (C)

WG14 Number     | Title | Link
--------------- | ----- | ----
N2231           | char8_t: A type for UTF-8 characters and strings | [HTML](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/tahonermann/std-proposals/blob/master/n2231.html)
